hello there came a new parcel
small but interesting
interesting because here we have enough
cases show her knocked down and webcams general
the camera is rated and 8 and 2 dollars are very
interestingly appreciated 82 dollars although the price
The camera itself was 360 than there
written about 8 inscriptions than i of course
very and very doubt they are not only
I doubt my memory
so we will open looking miracle
the camera is so natural that is the goods
who are in maximum demand
and buy well
no other hardening order
of course
it's just trying to stick
such a concept let's see what you have here
did not fall apart until reached such a lace
here is the lace we have here jacks and
everywhere-everywhere here we have here
the regulator will not do a separate review
me at the end of the video at home is just like
she takes off that he does herself
represents therefore we will look here
Here is such an interesting camera
ex-premier a little bit so 10-fold
digital zoom is written here 18 methane and not
I do not know much about it therefore
380 meters is not mega pixel and it's at
We are the type of led lights 6 things that
should work my in the comments
honest read what someone wrote there
writes that it is generally they are here for fun
it's me their light bulbs really me
nothing outside shines like this
the camera we have dangles twists dangles
spinning is not yet hanging out but
see how the will to conduct so but
mikrofonchik something not okay there then
look turns on off and spread
incomprehensibly incomprehensible here
world fish
Well, externally looked, I do not know what about
tell her about it further
It will be cutting itself well and this linkage
maybe one video we'll see how I do
how to shoot this camera
possibilities or write or say
there is a microphone there is no microphone and what is this
check and so on all the guys are therefore not
forget to subscribe to the channel set
likes everyone bye bye
so guys we test the camera means
the quality I looked here is clearly not 8
megapixels but
45 let's say it will be because caste
pretty good
I'll show you how he rents a room
there sat smiling and midges to subscribers
so by the way sound is also recorded through
the camera here has a microphone and that me
surprised here really is
put here really is
backlight
that is, here's the marching bulbs
there is a moment not 6 it's just 200 there is one
light bulb inside but still it
therefore highlights it on this and
class twisted this way and that way but not
I understand why guys so why
subscribe to channel put likes to everyone
bye Bye